hey everybody its Sophie and today I'm
going to be doing the 25 random facts
about me number one I love anything
sweet anything and everything um yeah I
prefer candy and sweet treats over food
in general number two the farthest place
I've been away from home is Sweden
number three my all-time favorite color
is blue and when I was in first grade I
would get teased because blue was a boy
color before when it comes to anything
that's mine or all of my stuff or plans
or anything I am a very very organized
person number five I am a legit
shopaholic and I go shopping I want
everything number six I was once forced
to play the role of a boy in a school
play they told me I couldn't wear makeup
on set and i did and i called myself the
most feminine boy in the show number
seven if I could have any animal in the
world it would most definitely be a
chinchilla number nine i was born in new
york city number ten my most favorite
drink in the world is Arizona Arnold
Palmer's number 11 one of my best
friends and I were this close to being
hit by a tractor once number 12 I am
currently wearing Lion King leggings
yeah number 13 I could never pick a
favorite movie number 14 if I could
smell one setting for the rest of my
life it would be pissed aletta gomez
perfume number 15 my idol is acacia
brinley number 60 the tastes of tomatoes
literally makes me gag number 17 my
worst subject in the world is math in
fifth grade I used to cry because I
didn't want to go to school just because
of math class number 18 I love my brandy
melville dress so much that I hang it up
on my wall so I won't lose it number 19
my three most basic sessions are phone
cases makeup and perfume and lotion
number 20 I've only broken one bone and
that is my shoulder number 21 every
sport involving a ball I can't play
basketball baseball kick ball hockey
soccer football nope my only sports are
gymnastics and dance number 22 since
kindergarten I've been to five different
schools number 23 my favorite number is
23 number 24 when this summer ends I'm
going into eighth grade and I'm still
shorter than all my friends and number
25 one of my favorite things to do is
make youtube videos for you guys because
YouTube has definitely changed my life
for the better and without any of you
guys I wouldn't be doing what I am doing
today with a thousand subscribers so
thank you so much and I can't describe
how much YouTube makes me happy and I
love you all bye